this should be as angry as scene has
ever gotten before this is as bad as it
can get I have a feeling it's gonna be a
lot of people pretty shocked when this
moment hits the airwaves but uh that's
why it's why we wrote it we wanted the
shock some people get it as emotional as
you can get yourself to before and you
need to care
like much yeah yeah it's been a real
emotional as you can
are you taking a moving picture what you
got there let the microphone can you
hear me hey okay this is a professional
work environment well why don't we do it
once more I'll just stay wide deal with
these new events and then if you feel
good we can come over okay so one more
time you through the lines presence
Kelly I get it a lot to the point where
I'm like I don't know this person now
your problem yeah I've been done million
times oh yeah yeah I'm gonna go find
someone that I know and actually like
better
yeah hey what screw directing screws
wrecking this is the greatest job ever
I got two of them
I
we both open up towards a little or not
so I'm just slightly very special bit
more okay oh he's when you're reeling
please young white yeah what are we
making
now I'm making the skeleton for the
newspaper Iron Throne that we're
shooting on Monday first year I was just
kidding and you'll enter again it as you
do not know Jesse James rehearsing here
we go quiet guys
cool well I feel like what we can do is
get a wide and this two shot queen of
the other side it's uh it looks like
jelly it's not jelly it tastes really
bad I'll make you gag
News News e-news real news news time
with News News Garrett what are we doing
out here besides having an excuse ever
shirt off first of all we're catching
some rays and Joanie cornbread and I
jailhouse Jodi ji said Jodi we're
roasting a pig today Garrett is roasting
a pig for us and he smells so good I
can't even handle it screw that John
Paul Gautier or whatever that kind of
stuff is no more Calvin Klein roasted
pig is the scent every man needs to wear
what drinks all the connection about to
you meet you see knees why are you so
happy about that you're right it's that
way play loud music Mexican tegra go
right yeah touching I think it's my
second you leave you don't or not you
got it did any leave I can't remember
which ones come next house it looks like
a plus
you
he says gather round you'll kind of
turnout and follow him to the mark you
guys are mad
require everybody to pop you wait watch
what this do ba you Baba do Bob sounds
just like it can you address okay boo
boo boo boo do I'm Doug's that it's also
the Italian dubstep
begin showering
thank you run power somebody what am I
not your business well I'm this scene in
one
first and you're gonna be like don't
understand me at all that Tara's gonna
show up and she's gonna be like I am
techno I am the greatest character on
the show that's all hey my dad it's a
family up okay that's good hi so hey
everybody and if mine is it easy to
picture wrap on Chris flower
I know cheers guys alright thanks
everybody Oh horrible it's so sad
because I just wanted to go on forever
and ever and I don't want it to end and
the YouTube space is so nice I love it
what's really sad this is a really great
time that's really great place to work
and I'm gonna miss it there was a real
emotional scene with Gracie plays idol
and that was really fun and there's some
sensitive stuff with Lanie with my scene
and that was really nice anytime the
fines
start to do with how people feel I
really love that and that's always
really fun to play
you